Add methods article to treedatagrid. (#1162)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/treedatagrid/methods.md

---
title: Methods
page_title: .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid Documentation - Methods
description: Learn about the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid methods and how to expand or collapse a parent node programatically.
position: 20
tags: methods
slug: treedatagrid-methods
---

# .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid Methods

> The [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid]({%slug datagrid-overview%}) exposed the following methods for expand and collapse children of an item:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid]({%slug datagrid-overview%}) exposes the following methods to expand and collapse the children of an item:
```

* `Expand`(`object item`)&mdash;Expands the children of the item.
* `Collapse`(`object item`)&mdash;Collapses the children of the item.

> Use the `IsExpanded` (`bool`) to get a value whether the item is currently expanded (has its children visible).

Reviewer: property? method?
